Now, we're going to fluff this cloud. We're trying to teach you a technique here and how to use it. Now it's beginning
to make a little sense. If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer.

I will take some magic white, and a little bit of Vandyke brown and a little touch of yellow. You can't make a mistake.
Anything that happens you can learn to use - and make something beautiful out of it. We tell people sometimes: we're
like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting. It doesn't take much to get you
. Let's make some happy little clouds in our world. Let's put some highlights on these little trees. The sun wouldn't
forget them.

Everyone needs a friend. Friends are the most valuable things in the world. You have to make almighty decisions when
you're the creator. La- da- da- da- dah. Just be happy. It is a lot of fun. We'll do another happy little painting.
And right there you got an almighty cloud.

You can do anything here. So don't worry about it. Here we're limited by the time we have. Put your feelings into it,
your heart, it's your world. If you don't think every day is a good day - try missing a few. You'll see. It's almost
like something out of a fairytale book.

What the devil. You're the greatest thing that has ever been or ever will be. You're special. You're so very special.
Just let your mind wander and enjoy. This should make you happy. You have to make those little noises or it won't work.
Just think about these things in your mind and drop em' on canvas. Let's get wild today.

The light is your friend. Preserve it. Now we'll take the almighty fan brush. When things happen - enjoy them. They're
little gifts. Let's make a happy little mountain now. For the lack of a better word I call them hangy downs. You don't
want to kill all your dark areas they are very important.

I spend a lot of time walking around in the woods and talking to trees, and squirrels, and little rabbits and stuff.
That's why I paint - because I can create the kind of world I want - and I can make this world as happy as I want it.
Just think about these things in your mind - then bring them into your world. The secret to doing anything is believing
that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.
And that's when it becomes fun - you don't have to spend your time thinking about what's happening - you just let it
happen.
